<big>Manjaro 19.0</big>

We are happy to publish another stable release of Manjaro Linux, we call Kyria.

The Xfce edition remains our flagship offering and has received the attention it deserves. Few can claim to offer such a polished, integrated and leading-edge Xfce experience. We ship Xfce 4.14 with this release of Manjaro. 
We mainly focused on polishing the user experience on the desktop and window manager, and on updating some components to take advantage of newly available technologies such as switching to a new theme we call Matcha. The new feature Display-Profiles allows you to store one or more profiles for a particular display configuration that you may be using. To make the deal a little sweeter we implemented auto-applying of profiles when new displays are connected.

Our KDE edition provides the powerful, mature and feature-rich Plasma 5.17 desktop environment with a unique look-and-feel which we completely re-designed for this release. The full set of 'Breath2'-themes includes light and dark versions, animated splash-screen, konsole profiles, yakuake skins and many more little details. We have rounded off text editor kate with some additional color schemes and offer plasma-simplemenu as an alternative to the traditional Kickoff-launcher. With a wide selection of latest KDE-Apps 19.12.2 and other applications Manjaro-KDE aims to be a versatile and elegant environment ready for all your everyday needs.

With our Gnome edition based on 3.34 series, we include visual refreshes for a number of applications and the desktop itself. The background selection settings also received a redesign, making it easier to select custom backgrounds. By default we added our own dynamic wallpaper that changes throughout the day. GNOME 3.34 also introduces custom folders in the application overview. Simply drag an application icon on top of another to create a folder. Folders are automatically removed when all icons have been dragged out of them. With a simpler desktop layout we gain more stability. Our Gnome Layout-Switcher enables you to change your desktop layout easily with preset layouts that mimic popular operating systems. Available layouts are: Manjaro, Vanilla gnome, Mate/gnome2, Traditional desktop/Windows, Modern desktop/MacOs, Unity/ubuntu theme. We also automatically change between dark and light theme when nightlight is triggered. A new login screen theme and the addition of Feral's Gamemode rounds our Gnome edition up.

Kernel 5.4 LTS is used for this release, such as the latest drivers available to date. Relative to the last installation media release, our tools have been improved and polished.

Pamac 9.3 series got few updates. With a more robust and reliable transaction backend our update process should be much smoother now. Also we improved package sorting by relevance in our GTK-UI. To make our package management enhanced we enalbed snap and flatpak support by default. To install snaps or flatpaks with ease, you can use our new tool bauh . This gives you a much larger pool to access the latest applications for Linux out there.

We hope you enjoy this release and let us know what you think of Kyria.

